# Twitter-Sentiment-Analysis
Monitors twitter data and graphs it in real time using tweepy, matplotlib, sklearn, tensorflow, and multithreading.

Required Packages:
  - datetime
  - pickle
  - numpy
  - nltk
  - keras
  - tensorflow
  - sklearn
  - json
  - tweepy
  - matplotlib
  
 Program overview:
 
  The app has three seperate co-processes:
    - Pulling data from Twitter using location and keyword data, and then storing it in a database
    - Running sentiment analysis on data pulled from the DB using a Vote Classifier, and returning new data to the DB
    - Creating real time animations, graphing out various datasets over time, such as sentiment or tweet rate
  
  Each of the above functions is defined in one or more seperate scripts, and then are run together and coordinated from
"MasterListener.py".  The Twitter Feed, the Database and the Graphing are each contained in their own classes.  The Sentiment
Analysis is performed by a VoteCLF class, which itself contains a variety of different classes, each implementing a different
ML algorithm.  The ML algorithms are each trained beforehand using "Generate_Bool_Models.py" and "Generate_Onehot_Models.py"


Use:

  Due to the use of multiprocessing, the "MasterListener.py" script must be run from cmd prompt using the "python" command.
It will not work if run through Idle.  Models are generated by running the "Generate_Bool_Models.py" and
"Generate_Onehot_Models.py" scripts, and both must be run in order to properly set up the voteCLF.  From there, the
"MasterListener.py" script can be run from the command prompt using "python *master listener file location*".  Keywords can
then be set up using the text interface.
 
 
Notes:
